adding documentation for BT node path_longer_on_approach (#289)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: behavior_trees/trees/nav_to_pose_and_pause_near_goal_obstacle.rst

Navigate To Pose and Pause Near Goal-Obstacle
#############################################

This behavior tree is a soft extension to the :ref:`behavior_tree_nav_to_pose`. 

> Apart from the functionalities of :ref:`behavior_tree_nav_to_pose`, this behavior tree allows the robot to efficiently handle an obstacle (e.g. forklift, person, or other temporary obstacle) close to the goal by pausing the robot's navigation and wait until the obstacle has cleared.

Reviewer: It doesn't "wait until..." it waits a fixed amount of time. This implies that it will be checking if its gone

> In addition, this behavior tree allows the robot to efficently handle the dynamic obstacle closer to the goal proximity on approach by pausing the robot's navigation and wait until the obstacle has cleared, before 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, this behavior tree allows the robot to efficiently handle an obstacle (e.g. forklift, person, or other temporary obstacle) close to the goal by pausing the robot's navigation and wait until the obstacle has cleared.
```

> navigating along a significantly longer path to reach the goal location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the robot will continue to the goal after the obstacle has moved. If the obstacle is unmoved, navigation will continue using the longer path around to reach the final goal location.
```

> Ultimately, this behavior tree aids in solving the problem of long cycle time, caused because of the long path generated due to the temporary obstacles present close to the goal location. 

Reviewer: What is "long cycle time"?

Author: Cycle time of a process that the robot tries to achieve.

Author: I meant the process time that the robot is taking…

Author: Could just give me an idea here, if is it okay to use "cycle time" or is it bit confusing?
